If you own any AI stocks right now, what
I'm about to show you could be the
difference between protecting your
wealth and watching it evaporate going
into 2026. The AI stock correction has
already wiped out literally hundreds of
billions of dollars in market value.
We've got Oracle down 48%. We've got Olo
down 61%. INQ down 46%. And this isn't
just about a few stocks. This is about a
big wealth transfer happening right now
while most investors are still
completely unprepared. The question
isn't if you'll be affected, it's
whether you'll be on the winning side or
on the losing side of what is actually
coming next. My name is Felix P. I'm an
ex investment banker. That's Winston
back there who's the brains behind the
whole thing in the research here. And
I've seen how banks work from the
inside. I've been investing for over a
decade and I'm also the founder of the
goat academy where we've taught about
20,000 students how to navigate the
market more like professionals. I'm also
the co-founder of tradevision.io where
we give you institutional grade news and
data. So, I'm dedicating my retirement
to teaching you how to protect yourself
from the schemes and the financial
engineering out there because the truth
is they're not really trying to help
you, right? They're trying to get rich
off you. That's kind of how it works.
So, what have we done for this video
here? Well, Winston's analyzed Fed
policy, tracked every major AI stock
correction, studied historical tech tech
crashes on.com all the way through to
today, fact checked every single number
you're about to see. So, this is not
fear-mongering. I'm not saying AI is
over. I'm not s saying sell your AI
stocks. This isn't clickbait. This is
just facts. And by the end of the video,
you will know how to position yourselves
better, not just to survive this
correction, but potentially profit from
what's coming next. So, I'm going to
break down three things for you. One,
the brutal numbers. Exactly what's
happened to AI and Momentum stocks as
I'm recording this and why this
correction was inevitable. Two, the
hidden mechanism driving this crash.
It's not what people think. It goes way
deeper than overvaluation. And then
three, your exact action plan. What to
actually potentially want to buy, what
to avoid, how to position your portfolio
for the opportunities that always emerge
after these corrections. So you'll
understand exactly what's happening, why
it's happening, and most importantly,
what you might want to do about it. So
let's dive in, shall we? Let me show you
what's actually happened here. This is
recording in towards in December 2025.
This is wealth getting destroyed, right?
Brutal corrections from 52- week highs.
Oracle down 48%. We've got Bloom Energy
down 48%. Oracle down 61%. Centress
Energy down 52%. Iris Energy on 56%.
Nvidia down 19%. These are like the
champions of the AI world. Now, if your
stomach just dropped because you own
some of these stocks, well, don't panic
yet. We're going to talk about what to
do, but first you need to understand the
facts. Oh, there is more. By the way, I
didn't want to upset you too much, but
there's a second slide with more
carnage, but
this is important. At the same time, the
S&P is up almost 18%. The NASDAQ is down
12% from its recent highs. So, this is
not a market crash. This is a sector
rotation. This is what I call selective
correction. And that's actually good
news if you know how to play it. I
always say follow the money. The money
moves from industry to industry and
that's what it's doing right now. The
Fed just cut interest rates third time
in 2025. Inflation is sitting at 2.9%.
That's important to put that all
together. So the problem is this. All of
the money that flooded into AI stocks in
2023 2024 was based on hope and hype and
future potential. Now we're at the end
of 2025 and the market is asking where
are my profits? And a lot of these
companies don't have a good answer,
right? They just keep saying, "Well, AI
will fix it, but they're not very
specific about it." And look, we've seen
this before. Winston has seen this
before as well. He's getting up. We've
seen this pattern before. So, let me
take you back through history briefly
because if you understand the pattern,
you can benefit from it. The dotcom
bubble in 2000, everybody thought the
internet was going to change everything.
They were right about that, but they
were wrong about the timing and which
companies would win. Companies with zero
revenue were valued in the billions just
because they had a com in their name.
And literally my office building, it was
named.com
house. I kid you not. They've lately
renamed that. But there are companies
like Pets.com. They spent $300 million
on advertising, but they made basically
no money. They went bankrupt. The NASDAQ
dropped 78% from its peak. Companies
like Amazon dropped 90%. But here's the
thing, Amazon survived. If you bought
Amazon in 20 in 2001, well, you'd be a
schoolionaire by now. So, the lesson,
the tech was real, the opportunity was
real, but the valuations got way ahead
of reality. If you look at 2008, the
problem wasn't tech, it was debt. Banks
had leveraged in times 30 to1 40 to1 and
well there was fraud in the housing
sector. So when housing prices stopped
going up the whole system collapsed the
NASDAQ as the S&P rather dropped 57%.
But if you had the courage to buy stocks
in March 2009 you would have made 400%
by 2020. What about co the market drops
34% right? got a percent a day. Fastest
crash in history. Everyone's freaking
out. The economy is done. We're going
into depression, right? Hopefully pharma
will save us. Uh anyway, so what
happened? Well, the Fed printed
trillions of dollars. Stocks recovered.
If you bought the dip, well, you would
have made massive gains. So, what's
happening today? We've got a sector
specific correction. AI stocks run up
hard in 2023 and 2024. Did I say AI or
did I say or or OI stocks? I'm becoming
Irish or something. Nvidia went from
120 to $210
in less than two years. And the same
story with things like INQ 300% up and
so on. But the reality is setting in. AI
infrastructure costs are massive.
Commercial revenues are developing.
Competition is intensifying. and
valuations. Well, they got a little bit
ahead of uh what's actually happening.
Now, does this mean AI is dead? No. AI
is going to change the world just like
the internet did. But just like 2000,
we're seeing a correction where the
market separates the winners from the
losers. And the smart investors, well,
they're positioning themselves right now
to buy the winners at discount prices.
At least that's my humble opinion. Now,
before I show you the real reason this
correction is happening, and I think
it's not what you think, I want to
invite you to something special. I'm
going to hold a live session
between the holidays, December 26th,
December, sorry, December 27th, and I'm
going to reveal why I am putting a
million dollars of my own money into an
experiment to beat the S&P 500 in just
15 minutes a week. It's not complicated
day trading. It's not spending hours
glued to charts. just the exact
rule-based system that we've been
working on that is based on what Wall
Street does and we call a trend monster.
That's sort of the core part of that. I
got on the screen here. This is going to
be inside of the private community that
we have. But I'm going to walk you
through how that works. And if you're
curious why I would put a million
dollars of my own cash into something
like this and aim to prove that it
works, and I might well be wrong on
that, by the way. I could lose that
money, then join me and start your 2026
with a better understanding of how
institutional frameworks attack markets
like these in any other markets. There's
a link down below to grab yourself a
free seat for that live training.
felixfriends.org/training.
It's free. All you got to do is show up.
Will there be a replay? No. Why not?
People don't watch them. And I know you
always think, "Oh, but I'd be different.
I'd watch it." Yeah, but statistically
that's just not true. So, we don't do
replays. People just don't show up for
it. If you want to show up for yourself,
show up live December 27th and we're
going to have some tremendous fun
together. Now, back to the hidden
mechanism here that's driving this AI
correction. Most people just think, oh,
it's just overvalued. And yeah, you
know, there's stocks like INQ that were
valued at 200 times sales. Oracle's PE
was kind of mad. But that isn't actually
the full story because if that was just
all about valuations, all expensive
stocks would be dropping. But they're
not. Some are actually going up. The
real reason this correction is happening
comes down to three interconnected
factors that Wall Street doesn't really
want you to understand because when you
understand them, you stop being their uh
mic, right? You start being their
competition, which is really what we're
doing here. So, what is it all about?
Well, the first factor now, well, the
first factor blew my mind when I started
digging into it. These AI companies
aren't just raising money through stock
offerings. They're using really complex
financing arrangements that involve
massive amounts of debt. Oracle was in
talks with Blue Owl Capital for a $10
billion funding deal to build a Michigan
data center. Apparently, that deal got
stalled. The stock collapsed. Why does
that matter? Because Oracle's business
model for AI involves building massive
data centers and costs billions and
billions of dollars. But the revenue
from those data centers won't come for
years. Or we have companies like
Coreweave. It's a major AI
infrastructure player. They have zero
profit but billions in debt. Yet they
secured huge partnerships with tech
giants through something called equity
for f equity for future profits
arrangements. So here's what's
happening. These companies are promising
future AI revenues to justify today's
spending. But we've seen this movie be
right. In 2008, banks promised future
housing profits to justify present- day
lending. Those profits didn't
materialize. Well, everything collapsed.
I'm not saying we're headed for a 2008
star crisis. By the way, AI is real. The
demand is real. But the timing of when
these companies become profitable,
that's where the risk is. And right now
the market is starting to wake up to
that risk. The second factor up we're
going to talk about the Fed because what
they're doing right now is a very very
dangerous game. The Fed just cut
interest rates down to 3.5%.
Third consecutive cut in a year. On the
surface that sounds great, right? It's
great for stocks. Lower rates means more
money flowing into the market. But the
catch is that inflation is still what is
it? 2.7 or something like that. um well
above their 2% target. So let's think
about this 3.5%
interest rate. Say it's a 2.9%
inflation. I think it's two 2.7. It
doesn't really matter. So what do you
get to? Well, you get to about a 0.8%
real interest rate. Barely positive. The
United States has an almost 0% real
interest rate. It's not a banana
republic. is the United States. So, the
Fed's in a trap. If they cut rates too
much, what do you think is going to
happen to inflation? Well, inflation's
going to spike, isn't it? Which what
happens if inflation spikes? Well, the
Fed has to raise rates. That would crash
the market. And then think about all the
debt these AI companies are piling up.
Well, the cost of that debt could
therefore increase. So, this is a
high-risk strategy the Fed's playing
there. And AI companies will be the
first to get hurt if the Fed is wrong.
Because when money is cheap and
plentiful, investors take risk. They buy
speculative stocks. They bet on the
future. But when money gets slightly
more expensive or when there's
uncertainty out there, those speculative
bets are the first to get sold. People
put into something more reliable. And
that's what we're seeing here. All
right. Here's the third factor. And this
is actually good news. In investing,
they're generally two types of stocks.
Growth stocks, these are companies that
are growing fast but might not be
profitable yet. Think, you know, INQ,
Ollo, AI startups. You buy them for what
they will be worth in the future. And
then you have value stocks. These are
companies that are profitable now. They
pay dividends. They're more stable.
Utilities, banks, healthcare, that sort
of thing. What's happening right now is
a rotation. Money is moving out of the
growth stocks and into the value stocks.
Why? Because when there is uncertainty,
when interest rates are choppy, when
there is geopolitical madness happening,
those investors want safety. Now, what's
safer? A company that's profitable today
or one that's promising you it's going
to be profitable in five years, you
know, sort of fugazi stuff. So, futility
stocks up, consumer staple stocks up,
defense contractors up, healthcare is
looking good, right? Gold and silver is
looking extraordinary.
But AI stocks are down 40 to 60%. That
is actually normal market behavior. It
happens in every cycle. Growth stocks
lead when times are good and everyone's
optimistic. Value stocks lag and then
they lead in uncertain times. And what
does it tell us? This correction in AI
stocks is actually part of a healthy
market cycle. That is the market saying,
"Okay, we got a little bit too excited,
right? Let's take a breather and
reassess. We took a little bit snort of
a little bit too much AI stuff. Now it
hurts if you're holding these stocks.
Yeah. But does it mean the opportunity
is over? No. So now you understand
what's happening, right? You understand
the debt trap, the Fed tightroppe, the
growth to value rotation. But
understanding does not make you money.
Action makes you money. So I'm going to
give you the exact playbook for
navigating this correction. Now, this is
of course my opinion. I'm not giving you
financial advice. So be smart about it.
Use the the gray matter between the
ears. what to do if you're already in
these stocks, what to avoid, what to
look for, and how to position yourself
for the opportunity that comes after
this. So, I'm going to give you a simple
framework. Okay, it's action plan time.
So, what do you do if you're already
holding Oracle, Nvidia, INQ, or any of
these beaten down AI stocks? Well, don't
panic, right? Let me explain. When a
stock drops 40%, 50% or 60%, your
instinct is to stop the bleeding and
sell. Well, you probably should have had
a stop and got out earlier and actually
kept some of those gains, but now it's
too late for that. What happens if you
panic sell? Well, you lock in your
losses at the worst possible price
probably. So, let's say you are sitting
at, you know, 50% losses. Well, I'm not
saying you should hold and hope. That's
how people really lose money. So, what
have you got to do? Well, you got to
evaluate the fundamentals. You got to
ask yourself these questions. If the
company is the company profitable or is
it on a clear path to profitability,
right? And then you got to look at some
of those companies and you say, "Okay,
well, Nvidia, is it profitable? Are they
printing money?" Yes. Right. What about
INQ? No. They're pre-revenue. They're
burning cash. They have strong
partnerships or customer commitments.
Well, some, right? What about Oracle?
Yeah, they got major cloud customers.
Tik Tok, right? They're now the backbone
of Tik Tok. Oklo has government
contracts but no commercial license yet.
So, can they survive? Check how much
cash they have. Check how much the cash
they're burning, right? Who can survive?
That's where you want to be. And if you
don't think they can survive or if
you're doubtful about it, you're better
to take 50% of your money than end up
with zero. Now, Nvidia down 19% is
probably an opportunity. Again, not
telling you to buy it. Or close down
61%.
Years away from revenue. Well, that's a
lot riskier, right? you have a really
serious risk tolerance for that. So,
what do you want to avoid? Don't catch
falling knives. A stock that falls 50%,
it can drop another 50%, and then
another 50%, right? So, this is just not
something that's a smart thing to do.
Falling knives are very painful. Just
think about it. You drop it, it just
hits your foot, right? Painful. So, wait
for signs of stabilization. Wait for a
base to form. There's a pattern to the
stock market. This is a bad one. And
don't average down on losing stocks.
Now, if you are buying an index fund,
you can average down as much as you
want. It works. It does not work for
stocks. The risk just gets greater. So,
if your stock's down 40% and you're
going to buy more to lower my average
cost, well, that only works the
company's fundamentals are still strong.
You're averaging down on a company
that's broken. You're just throwing good
money after bad because you're not
wanting to realize that loss. And number
three is revenge trading. Emotions are
running pretty high with a lot of people
right now. So if you lost money on IQ,
so now you want to make a quick buck,
right? So you're going to buy the next
hot AI stock. And that's emotion. It's
not strategy. That's how you turn a 40%
loss into a 70% loss. And then the worst
thing I really see with people in I see
a lot of people's portfolios is the lack
of risk management. If your stock's down
50, if your stock is 50% of your
portfolio right now because everything
else went down, that is too much risk in
one position. You're going to want to
rebalance in my humble opinion. You're
going to want to take some of that off
the table. I know it's hard to sell a
loss. It's never fun. I've been there. I
do it all the time. I do it every week,
but I automate it so I don't have to
press the button. Much much easier that
way because protecting your capital
means you can fight another day. That is
always more important than hoping for a
miracle. Now, what are the
opportunities? Opportunity? Well, there
is always opportunity. The obvious one
is high quality AI stocks. You know,
Nvidia is 90% cheaper. It's still the
dominant AI chip player. Massive
revenue, massive profits, massive
margins, strong partnerships, right?
Proven ability to execute. So, it could
be interesting. And then you got the
picks and shovels. So, during the gold
rush, people who made the most money
weren't the gold miners. There were the
people selling picks and shovels in the
AI boom. Who's selling the picks and
shovels? It's the power in the utility
companies. AI data center needs massive
amounts of electricity. So companies
that provide reliable power could be
good. We have cooling infrastructure
stocks. We have data center reats. Yes,
real estate investment trusts that own
data centers, physical locations. You
got the semiconductor equipment guys,
the companies that make the machines to
make the chips. They don't care who
wins. They want to make money anyway.
We've also seen very strong defense
plays. The government is going to spend
more money on wars, right? Looks like
the US is going to start another one
with Venezuela. Uh why? Because well,
it's profitable, isn't it? No, no. I'm
sorry. I I was of course being a cynic.
It is for the greater good of humanity
somehow. You believe that? even if
anything. Um now, so Santa also says
healthcare and biotech are sectors to be
be in. And why is that? And I've been
very bullish on biotech for for most of
the year. It is actually AI. AI makes
biotech much faster, much more
profitable, much much easier. And then
you can always always always always go
into good quality stocks, value stocks,
right? Banks, utilities, consumer
staples. I bought a stock two weeks ago
called Metler Toledo. Hasn't done
anything since, but it's a high quality
company. What do they do? They do um
precision weighing instruments for the
pharma and biotech industry. Um and then
there was a recurring revenue stream
from from maintaining that equipment.
So, you want to take a screenshot of
these? I'm going to run through these
quite quickly. Uh AI stocks here,
defensive stocks, a couple of bit more
detail on these here. Um now, when do we
buy? You never know that it's the bottom
of the market. Nobody does. So, you
don't want to be buying because you
think it's the bottom of the market. The
way I look at it is, so a stock does
this, it crashes, it goes sideways for a
little while. When it starts to recover,
that is sort of when I'm looking at it.
I don't aim for the bottom. So, I aim
for the recovery, not for the bottom.
Um, base formation basically. We've done
run tons of trainings on this in the
past. If you haven't joined one of those
yet, uh, well, at least join me on the
27th and I'll walk you through something
even more fundamental. That's really
like incredibly important. Um, and and
so important. I mean, you're putting a
million dollars in it. So, what else?
Join us on Saturday. No, when when is
the 27th? I never know what day of the
week it is. It is a Saturday. Okay.
Brilliant. Um, just after the Christmas
feast, you can roll yourself off the uh
the feast in front of a screen and and
join me and I will literally walk you
through my million dollars experiment.
I'm going to be running that live for
the foreseeable future for my students.
Every single trade and so on will be
shared. Uh the live session here is a an
explanation of how that works of what
it's all about, why we do it, why it's
based, how it's based on the way
institutions trade, and a very cool tool
that we've built that I think makes that
accessible to more people, provided you
understand risk management, which is
ultimately what this is all about. It's
not a promise that you'll make lots of
money. It's a promise to be transparent
with you, to share this experiment with
you, and to teach you structure. So, the
link to this is down below in the
description, felix/training.
And I wish you a beautiful, calm, and
relaxed start to the Christmas season.
Happy Christmas. If you own Nvidia stock
or you've been thinking about buying
Amazon, or maybe you just are in an
index fund, what I'm about to show you
could change everything about your
investment strategy. a massive 10
billion dollar